## Enetheru: 18/04/2025 12:09:44 PM
--------------------------------------

I needed  a a place to write a TODO item for cmake, and to review the notes I
have for this project and I found I had forgotten about this obsidian vault
entirely.

I did have plans in here which were long forgotten, and lots of other things,
that can probably be cleaned up. I did delete some of the older things.

What concerns me today is that after wathching some blogs from others, there
was the statement that I wholeheartedly believe in, which was that if the
project is hard to use then nobody gonna touch it.

And thats fair.

The TODO item was about CMake that its using fetchcontent is annoying because
any changes i make in the dependent projects gets overwritten on a cmake
configure.

But in the meantime I want to solve the problems I am facing.

There is an issue I have created for myself with moving away from the cpp
configuration where options that previously worked no longer. for instance
using a table from an included object as the base.

So now I have to scour the IDLOptions object and try to find what option I need
to enable for it to work.

I havent found the option yet.

I really badly need to translate the cmake code to use external project so that
i can work on it seamlessly without having to commit trash just to see if it
works.

Holy fuck I am an idiot. I was experimenting with namespaces yesterday, and it
hid the symbol from flatbuffers so that it wasn't available.

This drives me insane.

OK things are sort of back on track.

With some knowledge gained, and frustration behind me. I have some idea on how
I can proceed though it's not perfect.
