## 2026-02-27
It's been a while, here's an update for what has been happening this month.

I was working on establishing session based communication and two factors came up that necessitated me re-visiting this to build it out some more.

I added UUID libraries because it was the most convenient but it might end up behind a build option.

Then I implemented some very limited verification using the flatbuffers API.

### Re-Structure
Before fleshing out the remainder of the verification I decided that the project needed cleaning up. so I re-structured the folders, and separated out some parts

it now looks like this
- enetheru/godot-flatbuffers - gdextension lib
- enetheru/godot-flatbuffers-project - development project
- enetheru/godot-flatbuffers-addon - helper addon
- enetheru/flatbuffers - fork for gdscript additions

And the development structure is like this

| repo                      | folder                                     |
| ------------------------- | ------------------------------------------ |
| godot-flatbuffers         | /                                          |
| godot-flatbuffers-project | /project                                   |
| godot-flatbuffers-addon   | /project/addons/enetheru.flatbuffers-addon |

But I was told that this might be confusing, so I might at some point change the root to the development godot project, and then make the flatbuffers addon a subfolder.

But its mostly cosmetic in nature.

### Test Harness
I forked the testing code for this project into its own addon, and then worked on it a bunch, but I forgot to re-incorporate those changes. This has now been done. 

### Schema to Resource
Next I really tried to make the fbs files a resource, or import to a resource, or script. But I really couldn't figure out a way that didn't completely break the ability to edit the files in godot. 

#### Custom Resource Format
Because the results of a schema file is a script, typically GDScript, Godot's .import would add a remap rule that associates the schema file with the GDScript editor. and would open the GDScript it produced. But in doing so removed the ability to edit the fbs file entirely. Or it opened the fbs file as a GDScript and showed a bunch of errors due to its interpretation. I had to abandon the effort.

#### Import Plugin
I got closer with an import plugin, and it showed promise in being able to setup import options per fbs, which would be excellent. But again, it breaks the ability to edit the fbs files, associating them with the import dialog and not the text editor, which ruins things. This was much closer to the vision but due to the godot API problems and resulting behaviour I had to abandon the effort.
### Abandoning the resource/import plugin effort for now
Even after abandoning the above two efforts, I have been plagued with inconsistencies in how the fbs files behave, its like associating them with a resource one time has broken the ability for godot to see them as text files. I have to add the fbs extension to the text files in the filesystem dock last, and manually for them to be recognised and not complain about missing resources.

I deleted the .godot folder, my personal preferences folder etc.. I don't know where the association is coming from, and its driving me insane.. I have a workaround for now.

### EditorSettings
I was using a helper script I developed some time ago for converting exported properties, it included the ability to put buttons into the editor settings properties.

But I discovered that because Callable isn't serialisable and I cannot modify the usage properties of the settings, it breaks the config rather badly, and leaves trash behind that is not removable, except manually.

So I spent a bunch of time trying to figure it out, clean it up, wasted so much effort, but eventually did migrate it to ProjectSettings, and removed the buttons.

This ended up being very useful, I have separated out the flatc compiler options into its own Resource type, enabling having multiple configurations, not as good as the import settings, but better than system wide settings that were there.

All that remains in that space is figuring out how to serialise arrays of resources into the ProjectSettings, if I try it breaks the config and the project is no longer loadable. Something for future me.

### Future
#### Testing
The next clean-up item is the testing itself, its far too messy, I want to re-build it, and expand it.

The testing is what kicked off the above efforts. Because I wanted to build test cases for the verification as I went, it triggered clean-up of the code.

#### Bench Testing
I'm not lost on the fact that I've been pouring effort into something I have no data for. I really need gather more information to know if this effort is actually useful.

My initial choice to work on this I think was sound, but I really do need to do a proper evaluation.

#### Buffer Verification
Then it's back to continuing the effort for verification

#### Documentation
I think it should be pretty easy to build out the documentation now days. Just some concentrated effort on the matter.

#### Build System
I need to clean up the build system, re-base it off the godot-cpp-template project that uses CI/CD, and produce binaries for distribution.
