It's the second of April, I said I would give this a month to push it forward, and a month or more it has been.

I must move onto other things now, though it pains me to leave the project in a state that I feel is unpolished, it is still a far cry from where we began after this sprint.

- I have benchmarking now, showing that while we are 3-4 times slower, we are also 3-4 times smaller. at least for a round trip, the decoding is still a lot faster due to basically reading data directly out of the buffer. This bodes well for specific scenarios.
- I have updated the testing harness, it works nicer, shows more, does more.
- The code generation gained verification, though I would prefer to have it tidier.
- Almost all of the things were touched, and its proving a nice vehicle for pushing my skills forward.

Intuitively I have areas I wish to improve upon.
- Benchmarking and testing is high on the list
- Formalising the verification through crafting malicious buffers and proving out the negative cases
- Easier tooling, like automating creation of schema from exports, object API re-work, flexbuffers, etc.
- More dramatic tooling like visual schema crafting using visual interface to pack elements like a block diagram.
- Continue working on the parser, make it less shit, its my first ever parser so I think I can forgive myself a little there, I didn't reference any other work, I just winged it off the top of my head.
- Benchmarking to spreadsheet graphs with different approach testing.

So I'm not sure what will come next, it really depends on what happens after I pivot back here after some time.
I have my game that I need to work on, and I should dedicate a month to the godot-cpp CMake stuff so that it can be kept up-to date.

Such is the life.